initial pass at addressing feedback from John Klensin (#84)
richsalz/draft-ietf-uta-rfc6125bis: draft-ietf-uta-rfc6125bis.md

The DNS name conforms to one of the following forms:

1. A "traditional domain name", i.e., a FQDN that conforms to "preferred

>    name syntax" as described in Section 3.5 of {{DNS-CONCEPTS}} and for which all of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   name syntax" as described in {{Section 3.5 of DNS-CONCEPTS}} and for which all of
```

   its labels are "LDH labels" as described in {{IDNA-DEFS}}.  Informally,
   such labels are constrained to {{US-ASCII}} letters, digits, and the
   hyphen, with the hyphen prohibited in the first character position.
   Additional qualifications apply (refer to the above-referenced
   specifications for details), but they are not relevant here.

2. An "internationalized domain name", i.e., a DNS domain name that includes at
   least one label containing appropriately encoded Unicode code points
   outside the traditional US-ASCII range and conforming to the processing
   and validity checks specified for "IDNA2008" in {{IDNA-DEFS}} and the 
   associated documents. In particular, it contains at least one U-label or 
   A-label, but otherwise may contain any mixture of NR-LDH labels, A-labels, 
   or U-labels.

> An IP address is either a 4-octet IPv4 address {{!IPv4=RFC0791}} or a 16-octet

Author: I suppose I'm agnostic about that, but we should make it clear. This is text that @martinthomson contributed so perhaps he had an opinion in the matter.

> An IP address is either a 4-octet IPv4 address {{!IPv4=RFC0791}} or a 16-octet

Reviewer: The change here is s/byte/octet/ as it is a description of the canonical form (as used in certificates).  Presumably the textual representation is parsed out.

> An IP address is either a 4-octet IPv4 address {{!IPv4=RFC0791}} or a 16-octet

Author: True. So I think we're good on this score.

and can interact in important ways that are illustrated later in this
document.

1. The certificate MUST include at least one identifier.

2. The certificate SHOULD include a DNS-ID as a baseline
   for interoperability.  This is not mandatory because 
   it is legitimate for a certificate to include only an SRV-ID or 
   URI-ID so as to scope its use to a particular application type.

3. If the service using the certificate deploys a technology for which
   the relevant specification stipulates that certificates should
   include identifiers of type "SRV-ID" (e.g., this is true of {{XMPP}}),

>    then the certificate SHOULD include an SRV-ID.  Typically this
>    identifier type would supplement the DNS-ID, unless the certificate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   then the certificate SHOULD include an SRV-ID.  This
   identifier type could supplement the DNS-ID, unless the certificate 
```
